# Akana-The-VoiceAssistant
My CS50x Final Project
  Akana is a Virtual Assistant made with Python. It begins with introducing itself when the user first runs the code and listens to the user's microphone and prints out what the user said and also prints out the confidence it has about what has been said (if it understood the user correctly or not). It takes prompts or commands and prints out "Listening". It listens to the user and completes the action. 
  It can do various tasks such as starting youtube, starting the web browser, tell the stock price of a certain stock, what day it is, what time it is, play the song the user wants, search wikipedia and reads the user the first two lines to give the user a brief information about the topic the user asked for, tells its name when the user asks "what is your name".
  The user can ask how it is and it gives the user an answer and asks how the user is. It stops or shuts down when the user asks it to. It can even tell the user jokes. If it does not understand what the user is saying, it tells the user that it did not understand and asks the user to repeat it. If the service is down, it informs the user about it. It greets the user according to the time of the day (Good Morning, Good Afternoon, Good Evening).
  The python file consists of multiple libraries and multiple commands for the virtual voice assistant to understand what the user is saying. For the design I tried to make it as precisely as possible. It is straight-forward and clean.
